United States immediate arrangements
were made to whisk him off and to ensure
a safe departure security arrangements
at the airport were just as tight as it
was during his court appearance this
morning Craig Wright was at the Norman
manly airport in Jamaica
to take him away
the intense security all around the
airport with soldiers just about
everywhere and short notice was safe
while still in the truth diction of the
Jamaican government and Cheney a
helicopter coach in the airport
straight to the marshal private security
personnel by
carrying a white bag and surrounded by
heavily armed JDF soldiers who took him
into an office at their base to the
final paperwork before his departure to
the States by this time almost all of
the activities that that section of the
airport had stopped and everyone came
out to get the Quinns of the refugee
done it was a cat-and-mouse game between
the media and it didn't take long before
they slipped him out of the office and
into the aircraft for takeoff there were
no final farewell hugs or kisses for
Judas as the aircraft carrying him
Pat's it down the runway for takeoff in
about four hours he would be in the
hands of a foreign government her right
TPJ knees the United States Attorney's
Office in the Southern District of New
York issued a statement late this
evening confirming that Judas has indeed
arrived on American soil the statement
notes that Judas will face a Manhattan
Court tomorrow
his case has been assigned to US
District Judge Robert P Patterson and
prosecuted by Assistant US Attorney's
Joycelyn Strava and John Zack the US
Attorney's Office notes that Koch faces
a mandatory minimum of ten years up to a
maximum sentence of life in prison if he
is convicted on the narcotics charge the
gun charges bring a maximum sentence of
five years the US Attorney's sought to
assure that the child is contained in
the indictment are merely accusations
and that the defendant is presumed
innocent unless and until proven guilty
pickle Hills McGraw now takes a look at
what will happen now the dudas is in the
hands of the American magistrate in the
Manhattan federal court at any time
where he answered to charges that he
headed an illegal transnational trade of
cocaine ganja and weapons between
Jamaica and the u.s. in the company of
his lawyer where the privately
contracted or provided by the office of
the public defender
cope will be read the fortuyn charges
against him
following that hear then proceed to a
bond hearing or what's commonly referred
to as a bail hearing there are however
several criteria to qualify for bail
risk to society
and the nature of the crimes for which
the person is being charged after the
bail hearing Dennis and his lawyers will
then have the opportunity through the
photo on charges being laid against him
he can then proceed to enter a plea or
fight the charges if Dennis the sides to
enter a plea bargain would have to plead
guilty or no contest to the charges in
exchange the US government might drop
the charges we use the sentencing for
our support to go below the sentencing
guidelines but in entering a plea there
are several stages if you please
upfront it's most likely the most
helpful plea for you because you'll get
the most lenient type of consideration
and if you cooperate that
and have your ability to reduce your
sentence over time if you please
straight to the judge without an
agreement with the government you're
basically at the mercy of what the judge
is going to decide based on the Spector
guidelines and without the benefit of
the judge being told that you cooperated
with the government because that really
goes a far away in terms of your
sentencing but it did it decides to go
to trial please not guilty and there are
witnesses in the case the defense won't
be able to know who they are until a
short time before trial the American
attorney explains that in federal cases
if the prosecution decides to use
witnesses defense doesn't have to notice
until shortly before trial the defense
is also not allowed to question
witnesses before trial or becomes legal
team can file a motion against the
prosecution if it chooses as far as due
process he will have the opportunity to
go before the court and if each so
chooses to proceed to trial it will be a
jury selection process and from the jury
selection process of course the
subsequent trial but it's a pretty
structured system at or the federal
court is concerned so you know as
McGowan tbj News